I've been able to generate over a
thousand demo requests and more than 5
million dollars in pipeline created
using LinkedIn conversation ads with an
incentivized offer I'm Sylvia Perez and
in this video you're going to get a
complete crash course on the strategy
the targeting and the creative required
to successfully scale demo requests
using LinkedIn conversation ads so with
that let's get into the video now let's
talk through the strategy first this is
an amazing campaign for prospecting
companies like metadata.io have
leveraged this one tactic of using
LinkedIn conversation ads with an
incentive to generate millions in close
one Revenue now the idea behind this
campaign is you are reaching out to your
dream prospects whether they meet a
specific ICP or happen to work at a
certain company or a mixture of the both
you're reaching out to these ideal
customers and you are offering them an
incentive such as most common examples
being an Amazon gift card or a doordash
gift card some sort of incentive for
them to take the time to actually get on
a demo with your company to learn more
about your product when thinking through
your incentive to offer within your
LinkedIn conversation ad you're going to
want to take into consideration two
things number one is who is receiving
the message and what will be the most
valuable for them the better you
understand them the easier it is going
to be to Think Through ideas of
incentives that will resonate for them
the second thing is you're going to want
to think about fulfillment how easy will
it be for you to deliver upon your
promise and give them what they signed
up for so the fine line between the two
is usually the best solution the most
common examples of what's popular right
now are gift card offers digital gift
cards like doordash or Amazon gift cards
because they're valuable and very
repurposable but also because they're
very easy to be fulfilled upon so when
thinking through it take those two
things into consideration and just
remember that you're not offering this
incentive to just anybody we'll get into
targeting later into this video but just
know that this incentive is meant to go
out to your dream customer your dream
Prospect somebody based on a specific
set of title or criteria that also maybe
happens to work at certain companies so
rest assured you're not offering you're
not Santa Claus right we're not just
giving gift cards and you know free
things to just anybody although if you
want to do that on your own time by all
means for the sake of this campaign
tactic we're trying to get conversation
started with very specific people where
if they got on a call with our AES and
they got a demo of our product it could
be a big deal for us in terms of
creating Pipeline and moving deals
through and ultimately closing Revenue
the primary advantage of using an
incentive with your LinkedIn
conversation adverse not is conversion
rates you're going to drive a far
greater amount of demo requests from
your ideal Prospect by having the
incentive versus not having it what I've
seen in my experience is the average
cost per demo request when you factor in
the cost of the incentive is still
usually cheaper than not having the
incentive in the first place because the
conversion rate is substantially Greater
by having the incentive this is
especially true if you're going after
cold audiences these people don't have
any brand trust with you it's going to
be really hard to get them to take a
demo on the first swing so by having
that incentive they know at the back of
their mind that at the very minimum if
this demo is awful they will walk away
fifty dollars richer with an Amazon gift
card or at least they'll have something
like lunch paid for if you're offering a
doordash gift card as an example so I
highly recommend that you leverage the
incentive when possible because the net
gain is going to be substantially
Greater by having it versus not having
it also another thing that I've noticed
as well in my experience is a lot of the
folks who take you up on your offer are
a lot earlier in their buyer's Journey
so your dream Prospect is a lot earlier
on they may not be ready to make a
purchasing decision but they're willing
to take you up on your demo because
they're interested in your incentive and
also interested in learning how you can
help them because this might be a
product that they'll make one day use so
with that if you have an amazing demo
process and you get a lot of Buzz and
excitement and a lot of aha moments when
people see your product first hand then
it makes perfect sense to get as many of
your dream customers to see your product
as early as possible and what we've seen
is that because they saw your product
early on and now your account executive
has a relationship with that primary
contact they've been nurturing that
relationship six nine months down the
line when the person is ready to
purchase a piece of software to help
them solve the problem that you solve
instead of them having to go to Google
Search or captera and start from scratch
you are top of mind and they will reach
out to you and because you've developed
that relationship you better believe the
velocity on that deal is usually a lot
better than not having any prior Rapport
at all now the biggest disadvantage as
you can imagine when it comes to
offering an incentive with your
conversation ad is lead quality now I
actually created an entirely separate
video on how to improve your lead
quality with LinkedIn conversation ads
and I outline some Advanced tactics that
you may not be aware of so you can check
out that video right here but really if
you follow the best practices that we're
going to outline in terms of Target then
you're going to be okay but measuring
things like cost per qualified demo is
going to be really important for you to
monitor with a campaign tactic like
offering an incentive so you can monitor
cost per qualified demo over time and
understand using these conversation ads
what is your average cost per qualified
demo is that going up or is it going
down and if you know it's going down
then that means you're doing a great job
you're driving more volume at a lower
cost for qualified demos being booked
all right so now that we went through
the strategy the advantages the
disadvantages around LinkedIn
conversation ads let's really talk about
targeting now because we're offering an
incentive you have to remember people
love free stuff and the biggest
disadvantage against us is lead quality
so we really need to make sure that our
targeting is on point so you're going to
want to make sure you're using the
proper targeting and exclusions which
I'll show you right now in LinkedIn ads
alright so I'm here in the LinkedIn ads
manager and we'll be using a new tool
that LinkedIn created called audience
insights it's an amazing tool to preview
your audience ahead of time to
understand saying who are you getting in
front of before you even launch a single
campaign so it's really great so to get
started head over to LinkedIn ads go to
plan audiences click saved and you click
create audience from here we can set up
our audience criteria just like we would
if it was a campaign but the difference
being we can actually preview that
audience beforehand and understand all
different types of thing about that
audience which is really great so I'm
going to be brief on the LinkedIn
audience tool because this could be a
whole dedicated video if you actually
want a dedicated video jumping into this
topic alone let me know in the comments
down below and I'll add it to my list of
topics now once we actually set up our
criteria you can actually just go ahead
and click save it'll save it as a
template and then you can use that
template in a new campaign or you could
apply it to an existing campaign so it's
really great so to kick things off let's
first enter in our locations here so
I'll be doing North America which is
United States and Canada now the first
trap you're going to want to avoid is
having recent or permanent you're going
to want to switch that to permanent to
make sure that you're actually reaching
people that physically live or work in
these low locations if you don't select
this you'll be generating leads outside
your Target locations next thing is
you're going to want to set the
appropriate language for your profile so
I'll be targeting people in English and
you can see I have an available audience
size of 220 million but if I were to
switch this to Spanish that's going to
go down to 2.8 million if I switch that
to Korean it'll go down 130. so
depending on the popularity of the
language the audience size will vary if
you have to Target another language
outside of English just know that your
ad should also be in that language your
landing page should be in that language
and that you're going to have less
flexibility on the audience criteria
that you can narrow as well
because typically speaking English is
the most popular language and outside of
English it's you're going to have a much
smaller audience size by definition so
I'm going to go ahead and switch this
back to English here now let's go ahead
and narrow our audience targeting first
so we're going to want to make sure that
we dial in the targeting and that we
dial in the exclusion so that we get in
front of the right individuals so in
terms of narrowing our audience
targeting LinkedIn offers over 200
characteristics that you can use to nail
down your target audience it's quite
substantial so this could be a whole
dedicated video and I don't want to
overwhelm you here the most simple and
effective place to start that I always
recommend to customers when you're
starting with incentivize offers is to
just start with audience attributes job
experience and then leverage job titles
as a starting point job titles are going
to let you get in front of a very
specific person based on their current
employment and the titles that they hold
one thing I will call out about Job
titles that it's not perfect so just
because you put Chief marketing officer
so let's say I want to Target a chief
marketing officer as an example and I
select that current title that's another
trap you want to avoid is you want to
make sure it's a current title not a
past title and not a current or past
title you want to reach people who are
actively right now a chief marketing
officers so make sure that this is set
to current but just because I put Chief
marketing office here doesn't mean that
I'm only ever going to get in front of
Chief marketing officers
the way LinkedIn does its targeting is
based on the person's LinkedIn profile
if they have multiple open roles it'll
mix and match different criteria across
those different roles so imagine I was a
you know Financial Analyst at a Fortune
500 company as one current role but then
I also had a side hustle with my own
business that I was the chief marketing
officer at LinkedIn can mix and match
there so it can say that I'm a chief
marketing officer and then I also happen
to work at a Fortune 500 company so just
know that it's not without its faults
but with that it is still the best place
to start so go ahead and select all the
titles that are relevant to your ideal
customer that you want to be targeting
now you can see here just with the title
Chief marketing officer I have an
audience size of 53 000 which is great
in terms of audience size
recommendations I recommend ideally 50
to 250 000 audience size nothing more
than 250 if you do have an audience size
more than 250 that's usually an
opportunity to get more granular and to
combine more filters together so you can
get a little bit higher quality audience
now you can have an audience size less
than 50 000 that's totally okay you can
go as low as twenty thousand ten
thousand as long as it's extremely high
quality to you and it's worth it just
know that you will have limitations on
how much you can scale and the amount of
budget that you can put behind that
audience but as long as you're happy
with it that's the main thing and you
have the right the expectations that's
key so from here we're going to do chief
marketing officer I'm going to add in
some additional titles here like VP of
marketing I want to reach also directors
of marketing so I want to reach like
director plus but if you're doing
LinkedIn conversation ads I also
recommend that you don't just focus on
getting in front of the people that can
make the decisions so usually the
executives and the senior folks also
make sure you get in front of the people
who would be the champion users of your
product because if you can get them on a
demo early they can see how valuable it
is they can be that internal Champion
that you need that will sell the value
of your product to the higher level
execs on that buying committee so that's
just one key thing to note that I've
seen work really well to make sure that
you just don't have the senior folks but
also the the Champions involved as well
so I'm gonna go ahead and leave these
three titles here for the sake of
example and you can see I have 150 000
as my audience size which is great now I
want to narrow this a little bit further
because I'm not just interested in any
Chief marketing officer right like this
could be uh you know Joe Blow who has
his side hustle and you know it's it's a
business of one if you will I want to
reach certain people with these titles
in certain industries
so what I'm going to do here is before I
move forward I'm actually going to go
ahead and click apply here and let's see
what LinkedIn tells us about our current
criteria so I'm going to go ahead and
just fast forward to the parts that you
need to know most but again this is an
amazing tool I can do a dedicated video
on this but what I really want you to
focus on is if you actually go into
member here and you scroll all the way
down to job titles we can see what is
the makeup of job titles for this
audience so you can see on at like the
the top titles that that come up here is
like head of marketing marketing
specialist VP of marketing Vice
President Chief marketing officer so you
can use this as a reference are you
happy with the titles that you're seeing
if not then consider making some
adjustments also know that this tool is
not 100 perfect right it's so you should
use it as more of like a correlation
than causation if you will and just use
it as a you know just a way to gut check
what you're getting in front of but if
you do see things like this sales
specialist maybe that should inform an
exclusion that you use so for example
for an excluded title maybe let's go
ahead here and exclude the title sales
specialist right we don't want to get in
front of that another one too could be
let's say we don't want to get in front
of a chief officer that's really broad
right we want to get in front of Chief
marketing officers we can exclude chief
officer as a title so this is an example
of how you can leverage these insights
to refine your audience targeting before
you launch your campaign another great
way to leverage this tool is if you
actually click on company here
you can preview the companies that are
in this audience so you can see here I
have a whole bunch of different
companies here now where this is really
powerful is if I actually layer in here
and I click narrow I can layer in a
account list so I can upload an account
listen to LinkedIn or contact list so if
I'm doing account based marketing I can
upload that account list and then I can
preview here what are the what are the
companies that I'm actually getting in
front of is that representative my
account list and then you can make
adjustments ahead of time which is
really great so this is going to allow
you to make sure that you're really
getting in front of the right people so
what I'm going to do here for the sake
of Simplicity as well is if you actually
scroll down here I want to look at the
employee account so you can see right
now based on my current targeting I have
uh 17 of people that have two to ten
employees two percent myself only and
you can kind of see the distribution
here based on employee accounts so I'm
going to go ahead and actually adjust my
exclusion audiences here because this is
a little bit too broad for me even
though it's 69 000 I I don't want to get
in front of myself or two to ten
employees Etc now in terms of job titles
I'm actually I highly recommend that you
add as many job titles possible LinkedIn
supports a total job title count of a
hundred so the more the merrier as long
as it's relevant to you so what I'm
going to do here is I'm going to
actually adjust my exclusion so the
first exclusion audience that I
recommend that you Leverage is excluding
any company characteristic so like any
employee accounts that are irrelevant to
you you should exclude that so if you
actually go here to company company size
I can exclude people that are
self-employed myself only or two to ten
employees and it'll get rid of these you
know people that fall into this 19
between the two
that's going to really help now next
what you can do as well is you can
actually go ahead and I recommend that
you exclude any employees so if you go
here to company again and you go down to
company names you can search your
company and exclude anyone that works at
your company we love our employees but
they should not be seeing our ad and not
be receiving our incentivized offers the
same goes for competitors let's say
Google was a competitor of mine they're
not but just as an example I can put
Google as a competitor and you're going
to want to make sure that you have this
set to current jobs so people who are
currently employees are currently
working at your competitive companies so
you can exclude those individuals so by
doing this excluding poor fit titles
right poor fit companies whether that's
based on size industry excluding
competitors and employees and then
leveraging job title targeting this is
going to allow you to be a lot more
granular and exact now we can take this
job title targeting further so right now
we only have the three titles we can
expand on that and then we can also add
an additional characteristics as well so
another great combination that's
extremely precise is if you leverage job
titles and member skills so I am
interested in B2B marketers specifically
so for me I want to Target people that
have these titles but also have B2B
marketing listed as a skill on their
LinkedIn profile and you can see this
dropped my audience to 15 000. this is
going to be hard to scale against this
I'm not going to be able to spend a lot
of budget behind this but I know the
people that are in this 15 000 are going
to be extremely high quality and I will
feel comfortable giving them an
incentivized offer so this is how you're
going to want to leverage this tool to
make sure that your ad is getting in
front of the right person to guarantee
as much as you can that you go out of
the gate getting in front of the Right
audience and then from there you can
really make sure to make adjustments as
you go as you start to generate leads
you can always add in additional
exclusion audiences you can refine your
criteria and then over time if you need
to scale more outside of adding
additional job subtitles this is where
you can start to look into things such
as leveraging other job experience
characteristics such as job functions
and seniorities and member skills is
another great combination especially for
account based marketing so once you're
happy with this you just go ahead and
save this and then you can apply it to a
new campaign or to an existing campaign
if you have any other questions on
audience targeting audience insights
anything like this drop it in the
comments down below and I'm happy to do
a follow-up video I hope you're finding
this video valuable if you wanted more
content around B2B advertising then go
ahead and check out adconversion.com and
subscribe to the newsletter where you're
going to get sent two to three
actionable tips on paid advertising
every single week over a thousand plus
B2B marketers have already joined and I
would absolutely love to have you there
so with that let's get back into the
video we talked about strategy we went
through the targeting now finally let's
talk about the ads now if you want to
create LinkedIn conversation ads that
actually convert you're going to need to
dial in three things number one is the
sender who who is the message coming
from number two is the message itself
how is it formatted is it value-based
are you using spacing is it legible and
then finally number three is the offer
itself what do I get in exchange for
interacting with your conversation at
I'm a busy person so what's in it for me
when it comes to choosing the right
sender for your conversation ad I
recommend that you first start with an
influencer if you have access to an
influencer somebody that's very well
known in your space they don't have to
have hundreds of thousands of followers
but somebody that's got recognition in
your industry whether this is somebody
you work with internally or maybe an
external subject matter expert that you
partner with and they can be the person
that the conversation that is coming
from this is always going to resonate
the best because people recognize their
name so when they see that person in
their inbox they're going to say oh my
God I got a message from so and so and
it's going to have a much greater open
rate now if you don't have access to an
influencer that's totally fine most
folks don't the second best option that
I've seen work is an industry peer so
somebody that works in a similar job
function somebody that has a relevant
job title so when the person sees this
person in their inbox and they see their
job title they're not like you know if
I'm in marketing they have a job title
that's in marketing versus if I'm in
marketing and I see somebody with a job
title of like equipment manager I'm
going to be my first thought is going to
be who is this person and how is this
even remotely related to anything that
I'm involved with and then finally if
you don't have an industry peer your
third best bet is a salesperson so some
sort of account executive and you can
have them be the sender sending the
message to all these different folks now
I wouldn't say that because you have to
use an account executive does it mean
that you're not going to find success
I've actually seen in some unique
instances where certain clients having
the message come from a salesperson
actually converted better than an
industry peer so at the end of the day
you're going to want to test each one if
you can see what works best for you but
generally speaking this is the priority
that I've seen work in terms of driving
conversions when it comes to choosing
the best offer for your LinkedIn
conversation ad you have two things at
your disposal the first is the incentive
and the second is the type of offer
itself so when it comes to the incentive
this is what you're giving people in
exchange for choosing to take the time
to set up a demo request so if you're
for example doing an Amazon gift card
test that against another type of
incentive such as a doordash gift card
or maybe something completely different
it doesn't have to be a gift card but
once you've dialed in on that offer
let's say you've tested that and you're
like hey Amazon gift cards outperform
doordash gift cards the next thing at
your disposal is you can test different
price points within that incentive so so
for example a 50 Amazon gift card versus
a 75 Amazon gift card or is it a hundred
dollar amazon gift card is the
difference in what you're paying for the
incentive worth it in terms of
conversion rates and additional volume
that you're generating and ultimately
that cost per qualified demo is it still
trending down in the right direction so
that's the primary level you have at
your disposal which is your actual
incentive the second lever you have at
your disposal is the type so this is a
landing page versus a legion form in my
experience Legion forms outperform
landing pages across all ad types across
all campaigns for social based
advertising in B2B so I always recommend
clients leverage a legion form when
possible because you definitely will
drive more conversions if you're scared
when it comes to lead quality and intent
and things like this you can add custom
questions to your legion forms to
pre-qualify they're a very versatile
tool that you can use to make sure that
you're getting the right person filling
out that form and again if you haven't
checked out that video I highly
recommend you do after this where I go
more into detail with all those Advanced
things with Legion forms in how to
improve your lead quality video for
LinkedIn conversation ads now if you
want to write LinkedIn conversation ad
messages that actually convert you're
gonna need a couple of things the first
is it must be skimmable if your ad is a
wall of text I promise you you no one is
going to give you the time of day to
figure it out what you're trying to say
I know I won't and I probably feel like
you feel the same way so it has to be
skimmable I need to understand in five
seconds or less what is going on with
your message what it is you have to
offer and whether or not this is
something I need to engage with so if
your ad is not skimmable and it's not
easy to read it's not formatted there's
clear spacing there's white lines
creating separation making it more
legible then nobody is going to give you
that time of day so you have to make
sure it's skimmable this is probably
where most people get wrong the second
thing is it needs to be personable
conversation ads gives you a unique
opportunity to go into somebody's inbox
and to create a relationship and have a
conversation no pun intended so using
different macros on LinkedIn
conversation ads you can personalize
your message at scale so at the very
minimum you should have hey first name
as a best practice to personalize your
message the third thing is your message
must be value driven you have to say
things like you versus US you need to
speak to your prospects and put yourself
in their shoes it should be very very
clear and obvious painfully obvious what
is the value you provide I don't care
about these other companies and these
logos and all these Awards you have what
can you do for me how is this going to
improve my life how is it going to take
me from this point of suffering to a
point of bliss so it must be value
driven and then finally you need to have
a strong and clear call to action you
need to end your message with a clear
CTA of saying hey so and so if you're
interested here is the next step tell
people what you want them to do there's
a great book by Steve Krug called Don't
Make Me Think take the same approach
when it comes to your conversation ad
don't make them think make it very
obvious what is that next step let's go
ahead and walk through some examples of
LinkedIn conversation ads that I have
personally received offering an
incentive and we're going to grade these
conversation ads based on the sender the
message and the offer the three
components at every successful
conversation that has to dial in so this
first message that I got here let's
first grade it based on the sender who's
this message coming from so this is
coming from somebody that is the head of
product management at a company called
quirvy now I am a head of product
Innovation at metadata so when I see the
title product management that's related
because I do work in product and
marketing so I kind of work in two
different worlds but a product related
title could be relevant to me because I
do work in product so they they check
the box there I don't know personally
know this person so this isn't an
influencer this would be what I would
consider an industry peer somebody that
works in products like I do so they they
nailed that so good job on the sender of
who they chose the second thing is the
message itself so the best conversation
ads are very easy to read they are
skimmable they avoid walls of text
they're easily formatted they use emojis
and personality and character
and they have effective call to actions
so on the message if I had to grade this
from one to five I would give the
message just looking at the formatting a
one because this is a massive block of
text here you can see this is one two
three four five six different lines
ideally no more than two lines per
sentence we want to create more white
spacing that's going to make this much
more digestible if you have a lot to say
you can break up that text using bullet
points or or even just like emojis like
fingers pointing towards different
points to give it some more personality
so the formatting can definitely use
work here
and then as far as the call to action
goes we can see again this was an
opportunity to create some formatting
you could have you know created some
space between interested in the sentence
they're offering a 50 meal delivery gift
card I think that's a little bit vague I
think it would have been better and gave
this offer more
um more power if they were specific like
a 50 doordash gift card or a 50 GrubHub
gift card I understand why they wanted
to be vague but specificity is much
better in terms of conversion so that's
just another slight micro feedback there
and then also going into the CTA labels
there's no expression or life honestly
they're very generic it's yes don't know
uh capital K
so I think there was an opportunity here
to give this more expression like Yes
exclamation mark I'm ready or hmm not
sure you know add a little bit more
personality Behind These CTA labels so
that it could be more effective and then
finally you know I kind of already
talked about this but on the offer piece
itself 50 million meal delivery gift
card let me see what happens when I
click yes so if I click yes
they added in a second message here that
has three quick qualification questions
so I really like this I love how they
are trying to qualify me with the second
message and then offering the uh I'm
assuming if I click yes here the yep the
legion form will appear so that's great
I think that's really great that they
offered the legion form on the second
message versus the first this is a great
tactic if you want to try to improve
lead quality
um but again going back to the message
itself like this is another wall of text
right we can do better we can try to
create some more formatting some more
spacing that's going to make this more
skimmable so all in all
um definitely biggest areas of
improvement for this conversation at is
the message itself and then they can
make some refinements to the offer try
to make it a little bit more specific
and uh and I think they would have been
a much better off in terms of trying to
get this this message to convert this
next example is from a company called
workato I received this conversation ad
from them and let's go ahead and run it
through the criteria so sender is the
first piece this is coming from somebody
who is growth at workato that is a
relevant title that's a relevant
function I am in product but I'm also in
marketing and growth I'm kind of weird I
do multiple things so in this case it
resonates with me this title from this
individual isn't completely off base
where you know let's say his thing was
like farmer or something like that that
it just completely you know not in my
scope of reality so this checks the box
so sender is check I would consider this
an industry peer not an influencer and
not a salesperson
so from here the next thing I want to
look at is the message is it clearly
formatted it is there white space is it
skimmable is it value-based right is it
benefit driven are they speaking saying
things like you versus we uh you know so
let's go ahead and look through that so
first thing I can see when I look at
this I haven't even read any words yet
is there is clear white space so you can
look at the difference between this
first this message and how they
formatted it versus that first message
that we saw they don't have blocks of
text which is really great on this last
line they did go to three sentences
versus two I think this is an
opportunity to create spacing here so
this fill out the form below to see if
you qualify I think they could have put
this on its own line I think they could
have also added in like some sort of
down arrow pointing at the button label
below or some sort of like finger
pointing below to to give it a little
bit more you know emphasis on taking
that action and then also to create some
additional white space it would have
better formatted the message the other
thing I will mention as well this is a
common mistake people fall into with
conversation ads is you need to get to
the point as soon as possible like I
really like that this person is trying
to be nice and you know
um
formal if you will in terms of like
introducing themselves but like no one
cares like this is the truth you know
shoot you know point the finger at me
but you know I'm just I'm just speaking
to the metrics and performance like this
line here they could have just axed like
it was not necessary nice to meet you
I'm the director of growth here at
workato like that's redundant
information I can see based on your
title that you are in a growth function
at workato like unless you are some sort
of super famous person like you are the
president of the United States but even
then you probably don't have to put that
because it would be in your job title so
just try to avoid
introductions like this is just
irrelevant text and that's an
opportunity to just cut that from your
message to get straight to the point
even faster
uh so in terms of the formatting of the
message I really like it last sentence
could be much better uh value-based
intro in the headline is I would really
pour you know I think there's definitely
an opportunity to come out here uh much
more aggressive from the start like hey
Silvio struggling with X you know are
you looking for help with why you know
some sort of like hook the hook could be
a lot better here right it doesn't
really get into the meat of things until
the bottom and to be honest like looking
through the actual value through the
message I don't really understand what
they can do for me so it's like hi to
nice to meet you I'm the growth director
of growth here
and then it kind of just gets straight
into the into like what the company
provides but I don't still understand
how this company they haven't linked
their value proposition with my pain
Point yet so there's a disconnect and
because of this disconnect the chances
of me actually
engaging with this ad are very little so
they might have a strong open rate but
the click to open will probably fall
short so the value I think this message
could definitely be Rewritten to be more
value driven and more benefit oriented
and you can again connect that pain
point to your value prop
um it's great that they put social proof
here right like they have some pretty
notable logos that use their tool but
again that disconnect is still just not
I I'm not there yet right so in terms of
the message I think the formatting is
great but the the content itself can
definitely use work to make it more
value oriented and then finally on the
offer piece their offer is a Bose sound
bar or a 250 gift card they have a
really really strong offer
um a Bose sound bar is different
everyone offers a gift card so that
instantly makes them stand out to me and
then also the fact that they give you
the option of a 250 gift card that is a
substantial amount they're really
putting their money where their mouth is
so to speak so that definitely stands
out the offer is strong here
and then you can see in terms of the
button labels I think uh
like again I don't even know what this
means build integration 250 uh so I know
they put build your first integration
with an expert
I get what they're trying to do but it's
too complicated right remember most
people skim they're not even they're not
even a get here so you know it should be
a little bit more like obvious like you
know yes book My Demo
Etc so even if I never like you should
assume people will never read this
button only makes sense if I read this
last paragraph which most people won't
it's just the truth they'll literally
come here and it's just like in
milliseconds they'll skim your message
so I would be more clear like Don't Be
Clever be clear with your CTA labels so
people understand what it is you're
trying to get them to do even if they
didn't even read your message
so if I actually click on this it opens
up the legion form on the first message
they're using a legion form which is
great it's definitely going to convert
better than the landing page just in my
experience of what I see
and then I like to that they have a tell
me more button this is great to give
additional information so if I'm not
ready you can further you know
um answer any objections ahead of time
of like why I may not be ready to take
that action one other thing I do want to
call out on this message that they did
better than the first message is they
actually use the companion banner and
the companion Banner is a Bose sound bar
which I thought was clever
um I didn't get it at first when I first
opened up the message so I think you
know instead of just putting a Bose
sound bar maybe like adding a graphic
this like get you free get a free Bose
sound bar would have been more appealing
so because again this only makes sense
if I actually read your message right so
the big assumption here is I'm actually
reading your message and because you
buried this in the last message the last
piece of the message this is a great
opportunity to put this in the first
line hey Silvio would you like a free
Bose soundbar I don't know something
like that right so then it would all
this would tie a lot sooner and make
more sense so all in all I think the
sender rate the message the formatting
is awesome could be could be better but
it's not bad but but the biggest miss
here for me is the CTA labels be more
specific and then finally more benefit
oriented get to the point sooner right
like don't introduce yourself no one
cares I'm sure you're a great person but
get to the point as soon as you can for
this final example let's look at a
LinkedIn conversation ad that I received
from a company called Mutiny offering an
incentivized offer now we're going to
grade this ad based on our three
components the first is the sender the
second is the message and then finally
the third is the offer the three
critical components that you have to
dial in if you want your LinkedIn
conversation at to actually convert now
looking at the sender first this person
is the head of marketing at Mutiny this
is a related title they pass the sender
test I work in product and marketing I'm
a bit of a hybrid so this works for me
this I see this person's title and it's
not completely off base now if this
person had a title like you know head of
equipment or head of logistics or
chemical manufacturing or or you know
head of AI I don't work in any of those
functions it's kind of outside of my
day-to-day reality so that message from
that person wouldn't land with me per se
so the sender is great it's related to
me so good job there moving on let's
look through the message I haven't read
any of the words yet but the first thing
I want to call out is the white space
remember the best conversation ads they
don't look like walls of text they are
skimmable it's easy to read it's
suggestible there's clear nice elegant
formatting never assume people will read
your whole message and you can see here
they have nice separation between their
lines that gives it that much more
skimmable feel now the next thing I want
to call out is how they get straight to
the point they put here hi Silvio so
they're using that that first name Macro
for some Dynamic personalization which
is great I'd like to send you a 100
Amazon gift card straight to the point
this piques my curiosity so I know hey
well wait a second I like I like free
things right so that's going to catch my
attention it's going to get me to read
the next sentence now going back to the
previous example of the the other
conversation that we received this
person just said hi Silvio and then went
into the next sentence and introduced
themself and this person had a stronger
offer in my opinion because they were
offering a Bose sound bar or a 250 gift
card so if this person would have said
hi Silvio I'd like to offer you a Bose
soundboard return 50 gift card that
would have you know attracted me and got
piqued my curiosity and kept me along
for the ride
so going on with this message here they
have four lines here so one two three
four
um one other thing I want to call out is
this person put I lead marketing at
Mutiny you don't really need to
introduce yourself with conversation ads
I like the way they did it though
because they tied it in with their
sentence where it makes sense
um but again like if you're going into a
whole dialogue of like my name is so and
so and I'm the head of marketing here no
one cares like get to the point but in
this case they kept it short and they
tied it with the message so I think I
think it works well so they put I lead
marketing at Mutiny and then they go
straight into what is Mutiny because
that's the first question I have is what
is Mutiny after reading that line a no
code platform that helps the fastest
growing unicorn such as brex amplitude
and segment create personalized
experiences increase leads by 3x so I
love how they got straight to the point
of what they do they also embedded some
social proof of logos that they work
with now the only critique that I have
is I think this sentence can be
simplified there's a lot of big words in
in here and again if we can get straight
to the point faster simplify the message
I think it will land better so because
this is a little bit blocky you know
this is four sentences if we can try to
constraint it down to two sentences
ideally no more than three but ideally
two uh it would land better right this
would be less intimidating to the
receiver to actually read this and
understand your value prop and you
really want to make sure if there's any
message that somebody reads it's your
value prop because that's going to get
them to understand how your problem your
value prop can solve their pain in
connecting that right
now uh on that they get into the pain
Point here around this third part so
again going back to the you know the the
formatting they could have you know
created this into a separate line to
that way it's a little bit more
skimmable it's a little bit blocky here
it's three sentences I I am you can tell
I'm like a crazy person when it comes to
the formatting with the conversation ads
because it's such a big deal uh in terms
of getting it to be actually read so it
says here I'm sure you're in the midst
of 2022 planning so I'd love to show you
how Mutiny can help take a quick meeting
with us and I'll send you a 100 Amazon
gift card interested the biggest Miss
with this conversation I had a huge area
of opportunity outside of just
formatting
um is the pain point
never in this message
did they talk to me about the pain point
I I get what Mutiny does
but I don't understand like they haven't
called out the the primary pain point
that I might be going through like for
example I'm sure you're in the midst of
2022 planning I'm busy I'm planning for
like why do I want to get on call with
Mutiny you know what I mean so like just
I think if they could call out a little
bit more clearly what is the pain Point
specifically like hey are you struggling
with increasing your leads by 3x like
I'm sure in the midst of 22-22 planning
and your targets are increasing you know
if getting 3x more leads is important to
you like you know what I mean like
summarize the pain point and connect
that to your value prop I think that's
the biggest miss here in this message
um but I really love other than that you
know this is definitely the best message
of the examples that we have seen and
then you can see here finally I even
love how they put a PS here this is
something I do myself and they added
some urgency so like PS we have a
limited number of gift cards available
so act fast which I really really do
like that
um and then finally I love how they are
taking advantage of those companion
banners so they have this companion
Banner here on the right and you can see
it says learn about Mutiny and get 100
on Amazon gift card I don't even have to
read this message and I can just look at
this companion banner and I can
understand hey like
what what is the point of this ad right
like what is the value here what is the
offer I have 100 Amazon gift card that I
can get if I want to go learn about
Mutiny right uh and then also I love how
they put it here in the message as well
it gives it the message so much more
life so biggest call outs with this
message I would say again the formatting
try to simplify things try to sound like
don't be smart just be clear and then
also if you can try to State the pain
point a little bit more obviously I get
me and you can help me but like if you
can call out specific pain points of
where you could help me I think would be
even better you like don't assume people
are going to tie the dots for you and
then finally is there's no Emojis in
this ad I think that's an air of
opportunity where you could
um really make this a lot more
personable and and better formatted and
easier to read and more personality is
if you add in some emojis where possible
you could even add emojis into the CTA
labels to make it even better uh those
would be some slight criticisms now in
terms of interacting with the the actual
buttons I love the CTA levels Yes
exclamation mark I'm not sure amazing
right much more powerful much more
interesting versus like the first
example of you know very uh generic yes
don't know Etc it gives it more life now
if I actually click yes they open up the
legion form on the first message
fantastic
um all in all best ad so far that I've
seen across those three examples but
even this I hope you see how we could
even make this better and how are you
adding all this together is where
testing comes in and you want to be
testing different variations and so on
and so forth hope this video is valuable
if you can give it a thumbs up that will
help me out a ton and if you want to be
notified of future uploads go ahead and
subscribe to the channel and if you want
more content on B2B advertising then go
ahead and check out adconversion.com and
subscribe to the newsletter for two to
three actionable tips on paid ads every
single week with that I'll see you in
the next video take care